README.md, before:

<a href="https://www.tugrulates.com/">
  <img
    src="https://www.tugrulates.com/og.jpg"
    alt="Hello! I am Tugrul Ates and I love technology, art, and everything in between.
         This website is my digital canvas, where I share my thoughts, creations, and
         experiences with the world."
  />
</a>

## 🎀 Features

- Static website
- Accessible and responsive
- Optimized images
- Full page transitions
- Dark and light themes
- JavaScript optional

## ⚙️ Uses

- Language: **[TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org)**
- Framework: **[Astro](https://astro.build)** with **[React](https://reactjs.org)**
- UI: **[Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)** and **[Headless UI](https://headlessui.dev)**
- Fonts: **[Fontsource](https://fontsource.org)** with **[Fira Sans](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Fira+Sans)**
- Icons: **[Iconify](https://iconify.design)** with **[Heroicons](https://heroicons.com)** and **[Bootstrap Icons](https://icons.getbootstrap.com)**
- Hosting: **[Vercel](https://vercel.com)**

## 📜 License

- MIT License

Commit message:

Switch from Node.js to Deno (#439)

README.md, after:

<a href="https://www.tugrulates.com/">
  <img
    src="https://www.tugrulates.com/og.jpg"
    alt="Hello! I am Tugrul Ates and I love technology, art, and everything in between.
         This website is my digital canvas, where I share my thoughts, creations, and
         experiences with the world."
  />
</a>

## 🎀 Features

- Static website
- Accessible and responsive
- Optimized images
- Full page transitions
- Dark and light themes
- JavaScript optional

## ⚙️ Uses

- Language: **[TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org)**
- Build & Dependencies: **[Deno](https://deno.com)** with `node_modules` (no
  npm)
- Framework: **[Astro](https://astro.build)** with
  **[React](https://reactjs.org)**
- UI: **[Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)** and
  **[Headless UI](https://headlessui.dev)**
- Fonts: **[Fontsource](https://fontsource.org)** with
  **[Fira Sans](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Fira+Sans)**
- Icons: **[Iconify](https://iconify.design)** with
  **[Heroicons](https://heroicons.com)** and
  **[Simple Icons](https://simpleicons.org)**
- Hosting: **[Vercel](https://vercel.com)**

## 📜 License

- MIT License
